gh-106482: Clarify documentation of character set in RE (#106517)
python/cpython: Doc/library/re.rst

     ``[a\-z]``) or if it's placed as the first or last character
     (e.g. ``[-a]`` or ``[a-]``), it will match a literal ``'-'``.

   * Special characters except backslash lose their special meaning inside sets.
     For example,
     ``[(+*)]`` will match any of the literal characters ``'('``, ``'+'``,
     ``'*'``, or ``')'``.

   .. index:: single: \ (backslash); in regular expressions

   * Backslash either escapes characters which have special meaning in a set
     such as ``'-'``, ``']'``, ``'^'`` and ``'\\'`` itself or signals
     a special sequence which represents a single character such as
     ``\xa0`` or ``\n`` or a character class such as ``\w`` or ``\S``
     (defined below).

>      Note that ``\b`` is used to represent a single "backspace" character,
>      not word boundaries as outside a set.

Reviewer: It looks like octal escapes are supported on purpose, rather than being group references that match a single-character group, so how about:

```suggestion
     Note that ``\b`` represents a single "backspace" character,
     not a word boundary as outside a set, and numeric escapes
     such as ``\1`` are always octal escapes, not group references.
```
